Replaced legacy GitBook URLs with PL links (#998)
mattermost/mattermost-plugin-jira: assets/templates/command/install_cloud.md

6. Use the "/jira connect" command to connect your Mattermost account with your Jira account.
7. Click the "More Actions" (...) option of any message in the channel (available when you hover over a message).

> If you see an option to create a Jira issue, you're all set! If not, refer to our [documentation](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-jira/#readme) for troubleshooting help.

Author: ```suggestion
If you see an option to create a Jira issue, you're all set! If not, refer to our [documentation](https://mattermost.com/pl/mattermost-plugin-jira) for troubleshooting help.
```
